galaxy s duos samsung smartphone
support for two sim cards discreet
design small size it will fit
all who need a simple but
functional phone further in the review about
device in detail
galaxy s duos is small and
its weight is only 122 grams
front panel completely made of
Gloss at the top is a slot
dynamics
and below are three control keys on the left
the housing is the adjustment button
volume on the right lock button on the bottom
There is a connector for mini usb
and on top of the headphone jack on the phone
installed a screen with a diagonal of three
half inch resolution which
makes 320 by 480 points
worth noting the good quality of the display
excellent color rendition and large stock
brightness will let you enjoy
beautiful photos and videos
back panel is standard on it
5 megapixel camera is located and
speaker slot
removing the cover you can see a slot for micro
sd card under battery for 1300
milliampere hour is located two slots
Under the SIM card, the battery lasts for 16
hours talk time
samsung galaxy s duos
equipped with a broadcom processor with
clock frequency of 832 megahertz and
RAM 500 10 megabytes
phone stuffing is modest but enough
for everyday tasks
unfortunately and top games can be
forget the internal memory 4 gigabytes
of which the user is available only
three data can be stored
use micro sd card
up to 32 gigabytes supported
The smartphone is equipped with Wi-Fi modules and
bluetooth and 3g
thanks to the program google maps apparatus
can be used as a navigator
hey was blown away running
popular android operating system
it provides the user with a large
number of different settings and convenient in
work on the phone there are three workers
the tables on each of them can be set
widgets and application shortcuts set
standard programs excellent
additional applications can be downloaded
in a few clicks in the google store
play
work with gallery and accompanied
animated effects shows
phone photos are fast enough and
without delay
music player is very comfortable in it
there is support for multiple profiles
equalizers as well as splitting
libraries by artist and title
The songs in the phone are quite good.
camera with a resolution of 5 megapixels and
autofocus it is enough for
order to post a photo in
instagram or capture important moments
samsung galaxy s duos will suit everyone
need a cheap smartphone with a big
number of functions support two sim
cards for many will be decisive
factor in the purchase but what about
samsung smartphones
These are devices of good quality and
there is no great choice
advise to purchase in more detail with
device characteristics you can
see the product page on the website
you can also find there
matched accessories
Do not forget about our group VKontakte
write start discussion will always be
happy to answer your questions